Add notes about flux bootstrap and feature parity (#981)
fluxcd/flux2: docs/guides/flux-v1-migration.md

!!! info "Automated image updates"
    The image automation feature is under development in Flux v2.
    Please consult the [roadmap](../roadmap/index.md) for more details.

!!! info "Feature parity"
    "Feature parity" does not mean Flux v2 works exactly the same as v1 (or is
    backward-compatible); it means you can accomplish the same results, while
    accounting for the fact that it's a system with a substantially different
    design.
    This may at times mean that you have to make adjustments to the way your

>     current cluster configuration is structured. If you feel this is you,
>     and you need help, please refer to the [support page](https://fluxcd.io/support/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    current cluster configuration is structured. If you are in this situation and
    need help, please refer to the [support page](https://fluxcd.io/support/).
```

"this" referring to the implicit situation of having to adjust configuration is a bit unclear; the above makes it explicit. Could also cut out some verbiage with

```suggestion
    current cluster configuration is structured. If you need help with this, please refer to the [support page](https://fluxcd.io/support/).
```

Author: To me the verbiage sounded more friendly and/or sympathetic, so I opted for suggestion 1. Thank you :100:

For a detailed walk-through of the bootstrap procedure please see the [installation guide](installation.md).

> !!! warning "`flux bootstrap` target"

Reviewer: :+1:
